The TeX Gyre (TG) Collection of Fonts

These fonts do not support Cyrillic.

This package does _not_ touch TeXLive, if it is installed, it
installes the fonts systemwide, so that LibreOffice or fontconfig
and freetype can use them.

TeX Gyre is a package from GUST, it implements 8 standard PostScript
fonts in OTF, under different names.

TeX Gyre Adventor can be used as a replacement for ITC Avant Garde
Gothic (designed by Herb Lubalin and Tom Carnase, 1970).

TeX Gyre Bonum can be used as a replacement for ITC Bookman (designed
by Alexander Phemister, 1860, redesigned by Edward Benguiat, 1975).

TeX Gyre Chorus can be used as a replacement for the acknowledged font
ITC Zapf Chancery(R) (designed by Hermann Zapf, 1979).

TeX Gyre Cursor can be used as a replacement for a well-known Courier
typeface (designed by Howard G. “Bud” Kettler, 1955, for the IBM
corporation).

TeX Gyre Heros can be used as a replacement for a popular font
Helvetica, also known as Swiss (prepared by Max Miedinger with Eduard
Hoffmann, 1957, at the Haas Type Foundry).

TeX Gyre Pagella can be used as a replacement for the renowned
Palatino font (designed by Hermann Zapf in the 1940's for the Stempel
type foundry; an interesting lifestory of Hermann Zapf can be found
at: http://www.linotype.com/1494/theschoolyears.html).

TeX Gyre Schola can be used as a replacement for the Century
Schoolbook typeface (designed by Morris Fuller Benton, 1919, for the
American Type Founders; originally, italics were not designed, they
were added in later revivals by Linotype and ITC).

TeX Gyre Termes can be used as a replacement for the renowned Times
(new) Roman font (designed by Stanley Morison together with Starling
Burgess and Victor Lardent for the London newspaper “The Times”; it
was first issued by the Monotype Corporation in 1932—see the article
by Charles Bigelow for interesting details:
http://www.truetype-typography.com/articles/times.htm).

