palemoon (Web browser -- BUILD FROM SOURCE)

This SlackBuild builds Pale Moon from source.
For a binary repackage, see 'palemoon-bin' at SlackBuilds.org.

Pale Moon is an Open Source, Goanna-based web browser available for
Microsoft Windows and Linux (with other operating systems in
development), focusing on efficiency and ease of use.

This SlackBuild attempts to compile, build and package Pale Moon,
Slackware style, in a manner that conforms to official Pale Moon Linux
releases; while, at the same time, providing useful and easy ways to
deviate if desired. This SlackBuild may conflict with the alternative
SlackBuild known, here at SBo, as "palemoon-bin"; which repackages
binaries offically released by the Pale Moon devs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

See http://docs.slackware.com/howtos:software:palemoon for additional
tips and help resources.

Using the Oxygen theme is known to cause Pale Moon to crash; if you are
experiencing crashes, and segfaults, make sure you are not using this
theme; or use Alienbob's patched oxygen-gtk2; which will fix this issue.
http://www.slackware.com/~alien/slackbuilds/oxygen-gtk2/build/ See the
help doc link above for other creative tips and workarounds.

A native fork of FireFox's developer tools exists as an external add-on
or internally. Pale Moon by default ships with the developer tools
internally; if this is undesirable, dev tools can be disabled by passing
the script the parameter:

  DEVTOOLS=no ./palemoon.SlackBuild

Pale Moon's default is to build, ship, and use its own internal
dictionary; if desired, however, do USE_SYSTEM_HUNSPELL=yes
./palemoon.SlackBuild, to use the Slackware system Hunspell instead.
This assumes you have dictionaries such as hunspell-en or hunspell-es
installed in /usr/share/hunspell -- the location that a few SlackBuilds
at SBo install them.

If your processor doesn't support sse2 instructions or you get
segfaults, try looking in the SlackBuild for the OPTIMIZE build option
(eventually refer to the Pale Moon developers for help).

jack-audio-connection-kit is an optional dependency and, if detected,
automatically built. If this is undesirable you can blacklist jack, by
passing the variable:

  BLACKLIST_JACK=yes ./palemoon.SlackBuild

To enable debug information, pass the script the parameter

  ENABLE_DEBUG=yes
