Wine is an Open Source implementation of the Windows API on top of X
for Linux and Unix.

wine-staging is the current development branch of wine appended with
full patches of the staging branch.

It contains bug fixes and features, which have not been integrated into
the development branch yet. The idea of wine-staging is to provide
experimental features faster to end users and to give developers the
possibility to discuss and improve their patches before they are
integrated into the main branch.

NOTE: This builds the cutting-edge version of wine. If you need
something more stable then you may want to check out wine.

=======================================================================

OPTIONAL DEPENDENCIES

fontforge:     To build tahoma, tahomabd, and marlett fonts.
webcore-fonts: For MS fonts for the web and Windows Vista.

=======================================================================

OPTIONS

If your video card does not support hardware accelerated OpenGL,
you may disable OpenGL support by using:

  OPENGL=no ./wine.SlackBuild

The above options can be combined.

This SlackBuild will try to autodetect whether to build for 32 or 64
bits or both.  WINE64 and WINE32 can be used to enable/disable each
ARCH:

  WINE64=no ./wine.SlackBuild
  WINE32=no ./wine.SlackBuild

The executable for 64 bit wine is named wine64.

=======================================================================

MULTILIB

To build the 32 bit wine on x86_64 you will need to have multilib
packages installed, unless you want to build for Windows 64 bit
applications only.

alienBOB's multilib readme and repo:

https://docs.slackware.com/slackware:multilib
http://www.slackware.com/~alien/multilib/

A script that rsyncs with alienBOB's repo and installs the multilib
packages which can be found here:

https://slackware.uk/~dive/scripts/alien-multilib-rsync.sh

Be sure to read the short instructions at the top.  If you use slackpkg
then you will also want to blacklist his packages in
/etc/slackpkg/blacklist:

[0-9]+alien
[0-9]+compat32

=======================================================================

NOTES

With 64 bit support you would use the wine64 binary.  If you have a
combined 32 and 64 bit package you need to set the environmental
variable WINEPREFIX to point to the 64 bit wine directory when running
wine64, which should be different to the 32 bit directory (~/.wine by
default).

Example:

WINEPREFIX=~/.wine64 wine64 notepad
