OpenJDK11 is an open source implementation of version 11 (LTS) of the
Java Development Kit, Standard Edition. It includes tools for
developing, testing, and running programs written in Java.

This script builds the package from source using the packages listed
in the .info file (the source tarball plus a binary of the prevous
version to bootstrap from), so it is not necessary to have a jdk
package installed to build this package.  (See BIG FAT NOTE below.)

By default, the source package uses all available cores to build the
package, but this can be controlled by passing CORES=<x> to the script.
It is HIGHLY recommended to use all available cores as a single-core
build can take quite a while, especially on slower machines.
NOTE: The build normally fails with MAKEFLAGS set, but this script
tempararily unsets it so it can proceed.

The source is also able to use ccache to speed up rebuilds.  To enable
this, pass USE_CCACHE=yes to the script.  NOTE: Some other SBo scripts
recommend creating cc/c++/gcc/g++ symlinks to ccache in /usr/local/bin
to use ccache, but this build fails on that, so make sure they are
removed before running this script.

To test the build, pass TESTS=yes.  This will unpack the jtreg package
to run the tests.  You should expect to see somewhere in the area of
about 2 dozen failures and about 2 dozen errors. The reports will be
saved in $TMP/jtreg-reports if you want to review them.

After installing this package you will need to logout/login to your
machine as it will add new files to the /etc/profile.d folder.

NOTE: This needs almost 4 GB of storage to build, so if space on your
/tmp is limited, you may want to adjust $TMP to another partition.

BIG FAT NOTE: If you have ANY JDK installed (jdk, zulu-openjdk,
OpenJDK, etc.), you MUST first uninstall it, then logout/login to
clear the JAVA_HOME folder from your $PATH in order to build this
package, otherwise the build will fail.

MANY thanks to the BLFS community for maintaining 32 and 64 bit builds
of OpenJDK 11 we use for bootstrapping.
